Computer Basics Assignment

Question1:-What is computer?
A computer is an electronic device that manipulates information, or data. It has the ability to store, retrieve, and process data. You may already know that you can use a computer to type documents, send email, play games, and browse the Web.


What is RAM ?
RAM is a common computing acronym that stands for random-access memory. Sometimes it's called PC memory or just memory. In essence, RAM is your computer or laptop's short-term memory. It's where the data is stored that your computer processor needs to run your applications and open your files.


Where is data stored in a computer?
A hard disk drive or solid state drive holds all of the data; files, photos, programs, music, and movies, that the user wants to keep. Removable, external media storage devices such as flash drives and read/writeable CDs and DVDs are also secondary storage.

Question4:-What is input device used to type text and nummbers on a document in the computer system?
The keyboard is an input device that allows you to enter letters, numbers and symbols into your computer. The keyboard keys include the alphanumeric keys (letters and numbers), numeric keypad (may not be available on netbooks/laptops), special function keys, mouse cursor moving keys, and status lights.

Question5:-What are the output devices?
The output device displays the result of the processing of raw data that is entered in the computer through an input device. There are a number of output devices that display output in different ways such as text, images, hard copies, and audio or video.

Question6:-Which is the input devices that alllows a user to move the cursor or pointer on the screen?
Mouse is a pointing device that controls the position of the cursor on a computer screen without using keyboard. It is called pointing device because it is used to point and select option on screen. Optical mouse are most commonly used today.

Question7:- Which language is directly understood by thr computer without translation program?
Machine language is the language understood by a computer. It is very difficult to understand, but it is the only thing that the computer can work with. All programs and programming languages eventually generate or run programs in machine language.

Question8:-What are input devices?
Input device enables the user to send data, information, or control signals to a computer. The Central Processing Unit (CPU) of a computer receives the input and processes it to produce the output.

Some of the popular input devices are:

Keyboard
Mouse
Scanner
Joystick
Light Pen
